README.md, before:

##



`
  php artisan storage:link
`



## todo
  - view your albums link to all albums
  - add an intuitive way to declare the desired image name/description for every (multiple) upload(s)

  - if album is hidden, all images automatically inherit this value
    - add is_hidden to albums table
    - update AlbumController::show() to check album visibility
    - update ImagePolicy::show() to inherit album hidden status

  - add forgot your password page

  - add proper filtering on index and profile page
  - add profile editing and deleting
    - deleting purges all images

  - ability to make albums private or public
  - add filter component to albums

  - make filters work
  - properly test filters using debugbar 
    -> avoid n+1 and other inefficient collections
        -> implement resources if necessary

  - image tags?
    - can be used for better 'similar' images?
    - show as little cards in the design?

  - implement demo mode
    - https://github.com/inertiajs/pingcrm/blob/master/app/Http/Controllers/UsersController.php#L83
    - protect demo users and demo images / albums
    - automatically wipe 'dirty' content after 1 hour of inactivity
    - only show uploads to the user who uploaded them
      - make a config setting for this (protect_demo_application)

  - template
    - dark mode
    - responsivity

Commit message:

feat(albums): add the possibility for albums to be made private
=> + make images inherit parent album visibility

README.md, after:

##



`
  php artisan storage:link
`



## todo
  - view your albums link to all albums
  - add an intuitive way to declare the desired image name/description for every (multiple) upload(s)
  - add option for albums / images to be made private on creation

  - add forgot your password page

  - add proper filtering on index and profile page
  - add profile editing and deleting
    - deleting purges all images

  - ability to make albums private or public
  - add filter component to albums

  - make filters work
  - properly test filters using debugbar 
    -> avoid n+1 and other inefficient collections
        -> implement resources if necessary

  - image tags?
    - can be used for better 'similar' images?
    - show as little cards in the design?

  - implement demo mode
    - https://github.com/inertiajs/pingcrm/blob/master/app/Http/Controllers/UsersController.php#L83
    - protect demo users and demo images / albums
    - automatically wipe 'dirty' content after 1 hour of inactivity
    - only show uploads to the user who uploaded them
      - make a config setting for this (protect_demo_application)

  - template
    - dark mode
    - responsivity
